src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q1.java:56:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q1.java:60:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q1.java:105:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2.java:43:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2.java:47:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2.java:51:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2.java:65:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2.java:69:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2.java:77:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2.java:81:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q3.java:85:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q3.java:86:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q4.java:55:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q4.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q4.java:61:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q4.java:65:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q5.java:64:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q5.java:68:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q6.java:70:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q6.java:85:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q6.java:88:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q6.java:93:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q6.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q7.java:86:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q7.java:88:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q7.java:95:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q7.java:97:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q8.java:81:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:65:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:67:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:81:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:82:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:83:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:84:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:88:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:97:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:98:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q9.java:99:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/test/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2Test.java:14:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/test/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2Test.java:18:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/test/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2Test.java:22:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/test/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2Test.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/test/java/basicdatastructure/Assignment1Q2Test.java:30:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
